"Control your anger because it is just one letter away from danger." By Unknown
"The world is a vehicle for you. If you drive it, it will deliver you to your destination. If it drives you, you will be destroyed." By Al Hasan al-Basri
"Change is the nature of life! But challenge is an aim of life! So always challenge the changes, not change the challenges." By Amitabh-Bachchan
"He who establishes his argument by noise and command shows that his reason is weak." By Michel de Montaigne
"Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned." By Buddha
"Those who hate most fervently must have once loved deeply; those who want to deny the world must have once embraced what they now set on fire." By Kurt Tucholsky
"I mourn the loss of thousands of precious lives, but I will not rejoice in the death of one, not even an enemy. Returning hate for hate multiplies hate, adding deeper darkness to a night already devoid of stars. Darkness cannot drive out darknessBy only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hateBy only love can do that." By Martin Luther King, Jr.
"When somebody hurts you they take power over you, if you don't forgive them then they keep the power. Forgive and after you forgive them, forgive yourself." By Cicely Tyson
"Those who make peaceful revolution impossible make violent revolution inevitable." By John F. Kennedy
"Sometimes people put up walls not to keep others out, but to see who cares enough to tear them down." By Banana Yoshimoto
"I hate to fight. I like to love. But I will fight for what I love." By Unknown
"Compromising doesn't mean that you are wrong and the other person is right, it only means that you value your relationship more than your ego." By Mark Matthews
"Sometimes it's better to lose the argument than lose the person or the relationship." By Unknown
"The strong man is not the good wrestler; the strong man is only the one who controls himself when he is angry." By Prophet Muhammad