"Failure is never final and success is never ending. Success is a journey, not a destination." By Ben Sweetland
"You will face many defeats in your life, but never let yourself be defeated." By Maya Angelou
"I can accept failure, but I can't accept not trying." By Michael Jordan
"The greatest mistake we make is living in constant fear that we will make one." By John C. Maxwell
"Nothing is interesting if you are not interested." By Lionel Shriver
"Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the universe." By Albert Einstein
"If one dream should fall and break into a thousand pieces, never be afraid to pick one of those pieces up and begin again." By Flavia Weedn
"The single hand that wipes your tears during your failures is better than the countless hands that come together to clap you on your success." By Unknown
"Don't place your mistakes on your head; their weight may crush you. Instead, place them under your feet and use them as a platform to view your horizons." By Unknown
"Life brings you troubles and hardships to see how you handle pressure. You don't appreciate happiness until you have experienced sadness." By Unknown
"A setback is an opportunity for a comeback." By Bishop T.D. Jakes
"It's what we do in the worst of times that shows the world who we truly are." By Unknown
"If you keep on doing what you've always done, you'll keep on getting what you've always got." By Henry Ford
"Every exit is an entry to somewhere else." By Tom Stoppard
"Why worry about the past? It's done and gone. You can't change it. What you can do is learn from your past mistakes and make sure that they don't mess up the future." By Unknown
"Greatness comes not when things always go well for you. Instead, greatness comes when you're really tested, when you take some knocks and some disappointments." By Richard Nixon
"Never regret something that once made you smile, and never regret your mistakes: they made you who you are." By Amber Deckers
"Making the first move to patch things up doesn 't need to come from the one who made the mistake. It can come from the one who understands." By Unknown
"In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: It goes on." By Robert Frost
"There are many people out there that will tell you, 'You can't.' What you've got to do is turn around and say, 'Watch me.'" By Stephen Fry