"Love is like wanting to touch a star. You know you can't reach it but you just keep on trying." By Unknown
"The single hand that wipes your tears during your failures is better than the countless hands that come together to clap you on your success." By Unknown
"Love is not finding a hand that perfectly fits yours. It is finding the one who is willing to hold your hands no matter how unfit it may be." By Unknown
"It is really hard to wait for the right person in your life . . . especially when the wrong ones are so tempting." By Unknown
"Love is not a negotiation. It's a magical connection!" By Unknown
"Don't wait for the right person to come into your life. Be the right person to come into someone else 's life." By Unknown
"If people are truly, madly, deeply in love with each other, they will find a way." By Unknown
"To love rightly is to love what is orderly and beautiful in an educated and disciplined way." By Plato
"Tell your family that you love them. Agree to disagree; let go of the grudges; forgive each other. Family is everything. Family is your life." By Unknown
"It matters not who you love, where you love, why you love, when you love, or how you love. It matters only that you love." By John Lennon
"No matter how plain and simple you are, there is someone who will surely look at you as if you are the most perfect creature ever existed." By Unknown
"Falling for someone has no rules or even restrictions, we fall not because we wanted to but because we felt that we have already fallen." By Unknown Dickens
"To live is like to love: all reason is against it, and all healthy instinct for it." By Samuel Butler
"Only one thing can make a soul complete: that thing is love. Go for someone who is not just proud to have you but who will also take every risk just to be with you."By Unknown
"If you hold back your feelings because you are afraid of getting hurt, you end up hurting anyway." By Unknown
"Love begins at home, and it is not how much we do, but how much love we put in the action that we do." By Mother Teresa
"Do not leave the ones you love for the ones you like for one day the ones you like will leave you for the ones they love." By Unknown
"Sometimes you have to just walk away, and accept things happen for a reason, even if that reason hurts." By Unknown
"If you enter this world knowing you are loved and you leave this world knowing the same, then everything that happens in between can be dealt with." By Michael Jackson
"If love hurts, it's one-sided love. Someone worth crying for will never make you cry." By Unknown
"If you love a person, you can forgive anything." By Unknown
"You don't love someone because they're perfect. You love them in spite of the fact that they're not." By Jodi Picoult
"I don't pretend to know what love is for everyone, but I can tell you what it is for me; love is knowing all about someone, and still wanting to be with them more than any other person, love is trusting them enough to tell them everything about yourself, love is feeling comfortable and safe with someone, but still getting weak knees when they walk into a room and smile at you." By Unknown
"Love is just a word until someone comes along and gives it meaning." By Paulo Coelho
"People are like apples on trees, the best ones are on the top of the tree. We don't want to reach for the good ones because we are afraid of falling and don't want to get hurt. Instead, we just get the rotten apples from the ground that aren't so good but easy. So, the apples at the top think something is wrong with them, when in reality they are amazing. They just have to wait for the right person to come alongBy the one who's brave enough to climb all the way to the top because they value quality." By Unknown
"Don't marry the person you think you can live with; marry only the individual you think you can't live without." By James Dobson
"Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. It is not rude, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs. Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth. It always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres." By 1 Corinthians 13
"Anyone can love a rose, but who loves the leaf that adds beauty to it? Don't love someone who is beautiful, love someone you makes your life beautiful." By Unknown
"It hurts to love someone and not be loved in return, but what is the most painful is to love someone and never find the courage to let the person know how you feel." By Earl King