The Best Inspirational Sentences About Life

happiness
self worth
anger
success
failure
love 
friendship

Quotes About Happiness(happiness,peace,love)

"You are responsible for your own happiness. If you expect others to make you happy, you will always be disappointed." By Unknown
"Working towards success will make you a master, but working towards satisfaction makes you a legend." By Unknown
"It's not what you do, it's how you do it! It's not what you see, it's how you look at it! It's not how your life is, it's how you live it." By Unknown
"Life is full of beauty. Notice it. Notice the bumblebee, the small child, and the smiling faces. Smell the rain, and feel the wind. Live your life to the fullest potential, and fight for your dreams." By Ashley Smith
"One of the simplest ways to stay happy: just let go of the things that make you sad." By Unknown
"Just because it's not what you were expecting doesn't mean it's not everything you've been waiting for." By Unknown
"The best things in life are unexpected because there were no expectations." By Eli Khamarov
"If you don't know where you are going, any road will get you there." By Lewis Carroll
"Life is like a piano . . . what you get out of it depends on how you play it." By Tom Lehrer
If you want happiness for a year, inherit a fortune.
If you want happiness for a lifetime, help someone else." By Chinese Proverb
"In the hopes of reaching the moon, men fail to see the flowers that blossom at their feet." By Albert Schweitzer
"People with many interests live not only longest, but happiest." By George Matthew Allen
"A difference in your life today will start when you choose to move on from what happened yesterday." By Unknown
"Our truest life is when we are in dreams awake." By Henry David Thoreau
"A time comes when you realize who matters, who doesn't, and who never will. Don't worry about people from your past; there is a reason why they are not in your future!" By Unknown
"The happiest people don't have the best of everything. They just make the best of everything." By Unknown
"Training yourself to live in the present, without regretting the past or fearing the future, is a recipe for a happy life." By Jonathan Lockwood
"It's true that we don't know what we've got until we lose it, but it's also true that we don't know what we've been missing until it arrives." By Stephenie Meyer
"Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect. It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections." By Gerard Way
"We tend to forget that happiness doesn't come as a result of getting something we don't have, but rather of recognizing and appreciating what we do have." By Frederick Keonig
"People are just about as happy as they make up their minds to be." By Abraham Lincoln


Quotes About Self-Worth(lonely,heartbroken,hopeless,offended,insulted)

"The world is full of beautiful things, including you." By Unknown
"Every time you think of giving up, remind yourself what kept you holding on." By Unknown
"Sometimes you have to forget what you want in order to remember what you deserve." By Unknown
"Don't ask what the world needs. Ask what makes you come alive, and go do it. Because what the world needs is people who have come alive." By Howard Thurman
"Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending." By Maria Robinson
"Though we travel the world over to find the beautiful, we must carry it with us or we find it not." By Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Always do what you are afraid to do." By Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Years teach us more than books." By Berthold Auerbach
"Working towards success will make you a master, but working towards satisfaction makes you a legend." By Unknown
"If you would create something you must be something." By Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
"Try not to become a man of success but a man of value." By Albert Einstein
"Never regret the past, because whatever happened in the past has made us what we are today." By L. Ron Hubbard
"Maturity comes with experience, not age." By Unknown
"Be yourself. Everyone else is taken." By Oscar Wilde
"To achieve all that is possible, we must attempt the impossible. To be all that we can be, we must dream of being more." By John C. Maxwell
"The only thing in life that you absolutely have to do is die. Everything else is negotiable." By Karen Thompson Walker
"Give respect, earn respect. How you treat others is a reflection of yourself." By Robin Sharma
"There are many people out there that will tell you, 'You can't.' What you've got to do is turn around and say, 'Watch me.'" By Stephen Fry
"The worth of a person is not in what they own or how much they make, but in how much they give without need for anything in return." By Unknown
"I am not perfect but at least I am me." By Unknown
"Instead of always judging all other people all the time, take some time and try judging yourself, and ask yourself whether you are what you think you are." By Unknown
"It is not necessary to know the answer. If we live the questions, life moves us into the answerBy when we are ready." By Deepak Chopra
"Express yourself and don't mind what other people say, because in the end, it's about you, not them." By Unknown


Quotes About Anger(annoyed,frustated,irritate)

"Control your anger because it is just one letter away from danger." By Unknown
"The world is a vehicle for you. If you drive it, it will deliver you to your destination. If it drives you, you will be destroyed." By Al Hasan al-Basri
"Change is the nature of life! But challenge is an aim of life! So always challenge the changes, not change the challenges." By Amitabh-Bachchan
"He who establishes his argument by noise and command shows that his reason is weak." By Michel de Montaigne
"Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned." By Buddha
"Those who hate most fervently must have once loved deeply; those who want to deny the world must have once embraced what they now set on fire." By Kurt Tucholsky
"I mourn the loss of thousands of precious lives, but I will not rejoice in the death of one, not even an enemy. Returning hate for hate multiplies hate, adding deeper darkness to a night already devoid of stars. Darkness cannot drive out darknessBy only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hateBy only love can do that." By Martin Luther King, Jr.
"When somebody hurts you they take power over you, if you don't forgive them then they keep the power. Forgive and after you forgive them, forgive yourself." By Cicely Tyson
"Those who make peaceful revolution impossible make violent revolution inevitable." By John F. Kennedy
"Sometimes people put up walls not to keep others out, but to see who cares enough to tear them down." By Banana Yoshimoto
"I hate to fight. I like to love. But I will fight for what I love." By Unknown
"Compromising doesn't mean that you are wrong and the other person is right, it only means that you value your relationship more than your ego." By Mark Matthews
"Sometimes it's better to lose the argument than lose the person or the relationship." By Unknown
"The strong man is not the good wrestler; the strong man is only the one who controls himself when he is angry." By Prophet Muhammad



 Quotes About Success(disturbed, disapproval,hopeless,diappointed,stressed,compassion,lonely)

"Kindness and hard work will take you further than intelligence." By Unknown
"Life is too short to settle. Surround yourself with positive people who love and respect you." By Unknown
"Change is the nature of life! But challenge is an aim of life! So always challenge the changes, not change the challenges." By Amitabh-Bachchan
"Great people talk about ideas. Average people talk about things. Small people talk about other people." By Unknown
"The world is a vehicle for you. If you drive it, it will deliver you to your destination. If it drives you, you will be destroyed." By Al Hasan al-Basri
"To dream anything that you want to dream: that's the beauty of the human mind. To do anything that you want to do: that is the strength of the human will. To trust yourself to test your limits: that is the courage to succeed." By Bernard Edmonds
"Talent is like a perfume bottle. If you never open it, nobody knows the fragrance inside it. Act wisely; be open." By Unknown
"See the clock when you have no work; don't see the clock when you are working. Clock is a lock for success." By Bill Gates
"Be simple, but look stylish. Be tough, but look soft. Be tense, but look cool. Be a winner, but look like a beginner." By Unknown
"The choices we make and the chances we take determine our destiny." By Unknown
"Life doesn't require that we be the best, only that we try our best." By H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
"Working towards success will make you a master, but working towards satisfaction makes you a legend." By Unknown
"There are many people out there that will tell you, 'You can't.' What you've got to do is turn around and say, 'Watch me.'" By Stephen Fry
"The road to success is always under construction." By Lily Tomlin
"Never be afraid to try something new. Remember: amateurs built the art. Professionals built the Titanic." By Father Brown
"Don't tell me how educated you are, tell me how much you traveled." By Prophet Muhammad
"The man who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones." By Chinese proverb
"Silence is the best answer for all questions, and smiling is the best reaction in all situations." By Unknown
"Remember, things don't get better by chance. They get better by change." By Unknown
"'O' stands for opportunity, which is absent in 'yesterday,' available once in 'today,' and three times in 'tomorrow'. Stay positive." By Unknown
"Time isn't against you. Time is given to you. How you live it, spend it, waste itBy is solely up to you." By Unknown
"Any dream worth dreaming is worth the effort to make it come true." -By Evan Gourley
"Dream as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today." By James Dean
"What is for you will not go by you." By Scottish Proverb
"Imagination is far better than knowledge." By Albert Einstein


 Quotes About Failure(anxious,nervous,stressed,worried,disturbed,uncomfortable)


"Failure is never final and success is never ending. Success is a journey, not a destination." By Ben Sweetland
"You will face many defeats in your life, but never let yourself be defeated." By Maya Angelou
"I can accept failure, but I can't accept not trying." By Michael Jordan
"The greatest mistake we make is living in constant fear that we will make one." By John C. Maxwell
"Nothing is interesting if you are not interested." By Lionel Shriver
"Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the universe." By Albert Einstein
"If one dream should fall and break into a thousand pieces, never be afraid to pick one of those pieces up and begin again." By Flavia Weedn
"The single hand that wipes your tears during your failures is better than the countless hands that come together to clap you on your success." By Unknown
"Don't place your mistakes on your head; their weight may crush you. Instead, place them under your feet and use them as a platform to view your horizons." By Unknown
"Life brings you troubles and hardships to see how you handle pressure. You don't appreciate happiness until you have experienced sadness." By Unknown
"A setback is an opportunity for a comeback." By Bishop T.D. Jakes
"It's what we do in the worst of times that shows the world who we truly are." By Unknown
"If you keep on doing what you've always done, you'll keep on getting what you've always got." By Henry Ford
"Every exit is an entry to somewhere else." By Tom Stoppard
"Why worry about the past? It's done and gone. You can't change it. What you can do is learn from your past mistakes and make sure that they don't mess up the future." By Unknown
"Greatness comes not when things always go well for you. Instead, greatness comes when you're really tested, when you take some knocks and some disappointments." By Richard Nixon
"Never regret something that once made you smile, and never regret your mistakes: they made you who you are." By Amber Deckers
"Making the first move to patch things up doesn't need to come from the one who made the mistake. It can come from the one who understands." By Unknown
"In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: It goes on." By Robert Frost
"There are many people out there that will tell you, 'You can't.' What you've got to do is turn around and say, 'Watch me.'" By Stephen Fry


8. Quotes About Love(love,cheated in love,rejection in love,heartbroken)

"Love is like wanting to touch a star. You know you can't reach it but you just keep on trying." By Unknown
"The single hand that wipes your tears during your failures is better than the countless hands that come together to clap you on your success." By Unknown
"Love is not finding a hand that perfectly fits yours. It is finding the one who is willing to hold your hands no matter how unfit it may be." By Unknown
"It's really hard to wait for the right person in your life . . . especially when the wrong ones are so tempting." By Unknown
"Love is not a negotiation. It's a magical connection!" By Unknown
"Don't wait for the right person to come into your life. Be the right person to come into someone else's life." By Unknown
"If people are truly, madly, deeply in love with each other, they will find a way." By Unknown
"To love rightly is to love what is orderly and beautiful in an educated and disciplined way." By Plato
"Tell your family that you love them. Agree to disagree; let go of the grudges; forgive each other. Family is everything. Family is your life." By Unknown
"It matters not who you love, where you love, why you love, when you love, or how you love. It matters only that you love." By John Lennon
"No matter how plain and simple you are, there's someone who'll surely look at you as if you are the most perfect creature ever existed." By Unknown
"Falling for someone has no rules or even restrictions, we fall not because we wanted to but because we felt that we have already fallen." By Unknown Dickens
"To live is like to love: all reason is against it, and all healthy instinct for it." By Samuel Butler
"Only one thing can make a soul complete: that thing is love. Go for someone who is not just proud to have you but who will also take every risk just to be with you."By Unknown
"If you hold back your feelings because you are afraid of getting hurt, you end up hurting anyway." By Unknown
"Love begins at home, and it is not how much we do, but how much love we put in the action that we do." By Mother Teresa
"Do not leave the ones you love for the ones you like for one day the ones you like will leave you for the ones they love." By Unknown
"Sometimes you have to just walk away, and accept things happen for a reason, even if that reason hurts." By Unknown
"If you enter this world knowing you are loved and you leave this world knowing the same, then everything that happens in between can be dealt with." By Michael Jackson
"If love hurts, it's one-sided love. Someone worth crying for will never make you cry." By Unknown
"If you love a person, you can forgive anything." By Unknown
"You don't love someone because they're perfect. You love them in spite of the fact that they're not." By Jodi Picoult
"I don't pretend to know what love is for everyone, but I can tell you what it is for me; love is knowing all about someone, and still wanting to be with them more than any other person, love is trusting them enough to tell them everything about yourself, love is feeling comfortable and safe with someone, but still getting weak knees when they walk into a room and smile at you." By Unknown
"Love is just a word until someone comes along and gives it meaning." By Paulo Coelho
"People are like apples on trees, the best ones are on the top of the tree. We don't want to reach for the good ones because we are afraid of falling and don't want to get hurt. Instead, we just get the rotten apples from the ground that aren't so good but easy. So, the apples at the top think something is wrong with them, when in reality they are amazing. They just have to wait for the right person to come alongBy the one who's brave enough to climb all the way to the top because they value quality." By Unknown
"Don't marry the person you think you can live with; marry only the individual you think you can't live without." By James Dobson
"Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. It is not rude, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs. Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth. It always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres." By 1 Corinthians 13
"Anyone can love a rose, but who loves the leaf that adds beauty to it? Don't love someone who is beautiful, love someone you makes your life beautiful." By Unknown
"It hurts to love someone and not be loved in return, but what is the most painful is to love someone and never find the courage to let the person know how you feel." By Earl King


 Quotes About Friendship(love)

"Life is too short to settle. Surround yourself with positive people who love and respect you." By Unknown
"Great people talk about ideas. Average people talk about things. Small people talk about other people." By Unknown
"The best relationship in the world is the one in which a sorry and a smile can make everything back to normal." By Unknown
"The best person in your life is someone who, when told, 'Yes, I am fine' will look into your eyes and say, 'Enough. Now, tell me the truth.'" By Unknown
"The best feeling in the world is knowing that you actually mean something to someone." By Unknown
"A true friend stabs you in the front." By Oscar Wilde
"Sacrifice is greater than love, character is greater than beauty, humanity is greater than wealth, but nothing is greater than good relations. And good relations does not mean finding similarities . . . it's about respecting differences." By Unknown
"Friend is the most beautiful word because a good friend is hard to find." By Unknown
"Silence is the best sound ever. Nothing is said. Everything is understood." By Unknown
"Love is possible after friendship but friendship is not possible after love because medicines that work before death are not possible after death." By Unknown
"A true friend isn't who you've known the longest. It's who has been by your side the whole time." By Yolanda Hadid
"People will forget what you did. People will forget what you said. But people will never forget how you made them feel." By Maya Angelou
