"The world is full of beautiful things, including you." By Unknown
"Every time you think of giving up, remind yourself what kept you holding on." By Unknown
"Sometimes you have to forget what you want in order to remember what you deserve." By Unknown
"Don't ask what the world needs. Ask what makes you come alive, and go do it. Because what the world needs is people who have come alive." By Howard Thurman
"Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending." By Maria Robinson
"Though we travel the world over to find the beautiful, we must carry it with us or we find it not." By Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Always do what you are afraid to do." By Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Years teach us more than books." By Berthold Auerbach
"Working towards success will make you a master, but working towards satisfaction makes you a legend." By Unknown
"If you would create something you must be something." By Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
"Try not to become a man of success but a man of value." By Albert Einstein
"Never regret the past, because whatever happened in the past has made us what we are today." By L. Ron Hubbard
"Maturity comes with experience, not age." By Unknown
"Be yourself. Everyone else is taken." By Oscar Wilde
"To achieve all that is possible, we must attempt the impossible. To be all that we can be, we must dream of being more." By John C. Maxwell
"The only thing in life that you absolutely have to do is die. Everything else is negotiable." By Karen Thompson Walker
"Give respect, earn respect. How you treat others is a reflection of yourself." By Robin Sharma
"There are many people out there that will tell you, 'You can't.' What you've got to do is turn around and say, 'Watch me.'" By Stephen Fry
"The worth of a person is not in what they own or how much they make, but in how much they give without need for anything in return." By Unknown
"I am not perfect but at least I am me." By Unknown
"Instead of always judging all other people all the time, take some time and try judging yourself, and ask yourself whether you are what you think you are." By Unknown
"It is not necessary to know the answer. If we live the questions, life moves us into the answerBy when we are ready." By Deepak Chopra
"Express yourself and don't mind what other people say, because in the end, it's about you, not them." By Unknown