"Kindness and hard work will take you further than intelligence." By Unknown
"Life is too short to settle. Surround yourself with positive people who love and respect you." By Unknown
"Change is the nature of life! But challenge is an aim of life! So always challenge the changes, not change the challenges." By Amitabh-Bachchan
"Great people talk about ideas. Average people talk about things. Small people talk about other people." By Unknown
"The world is a vehicle for you. If you drive it, it will deliver you to your destination. If it drives you, you will be destroyed." By Al Hasan al-Basri
"To dream anything that you want to dream: that's the beauty of the human mind. To do anything that you want to do: that is the strength of the human will. To trust yourself to test your limits: that is the courage to succeed." By Bernard Edmonds
"Talent is like a perfume bottle. If you never open it, nobody knows the fragrance inside it. Act wisely; be open." By Unknown
"See the clock when you have no work; don't see the clock when you are working. Clock is a lock for success." By Bill Gates
"Be simple, but look stylish. Be tough, but look soft. Be tense, but look cool. Be a winner, but look like a beginner." By Unknown
"The choices we make and the chances we take determine our destiny." By Unknown
"Life doesn't require that we be the best, only that we try our best." By H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
"Working towards success will make you a master, but working towards satisfaction makes you a legend." By Unknown
"There are many people out there that will tell you, 'You can't.' What you've got to do is turn around and say, 'Watch me.'" By Stephen Fry
"The road to success is always under construction." By Lily Tomlin
"Never be afraid to try something new. Remember: amateurs built the art. Professionals built the Titanic." By Father Brown
"Don't tell me how educated you are, tell me how much you traveled." By Prophet Muhammad
"The man who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones." By Chinese proverb
"Silence is the best answer for all questions, and smiling is the best reaction in all situations." By Unknown
"Remember, things don't get better by chance. They get better by change." By Unknown
"'O' stands for opportunity, which is absent in 'yesterday,' available once in 'today,' and three times in 'tomorrow'. Stay positive." By Unknown
"Time isn't against you. Time is given to you. How you live it, spend it, waste itBy is solely up to you." By Unknown
"Any dream worth dreaming is worth the effort to make it come true." -By Evan Gourley
"Dream as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today." By James Dean
"What is for you will not go by you." By Scottish Proverb
"Imagination is far better than knowledge." By Albert Einstein